User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,@SaffronOlive I want to see you brew something like sram o's with sigarda's aid and Valduk, Keeper of the Flame.  Perfect draw of aid on 1, sram on 2, valduk on 3, slam artifacts and free equip to alpha strike them.

Even without sram, aid into valduk is still crazy value.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,This is just a totally untrue statement. Some of the best storm players in the world seem to think that it kills storm, and I think they'd know better than random people on Twitter.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Just finished watching your stream of GB gitrog value. What are your thoughts on splashing white for something like knight of the reliquary?@ToddStevensMTG
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Against the odds idea: Kaerveks spite, academy rector, barren glory. 

Make it a legacy brew :)@SaffronOlive
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I'm meeting with an indie promotion tomorrow to talk about managing for them. Any tips from the best manager in history?@HeymanHustle
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Kess is the defacto cedh doomsday/storm commander these days.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Have you seen this riddle yet? You get any amount of life, 0 cards in hand, draw whatever card you want each turn. OP starts with these in play. Mimic copying norn, meddling mage naming genesis hydra. They have no cards in hand or deck and are at 1 life. Can you win@SaffronOlive
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Can we get a way to boot people? If someone is really disruptive all we can do is brig them. If they stay, we all have to leave to get away from them@SeaOfThieves
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Calling him an innocent child is a bit of a stretch though, and not a great look when you're biased as you try to point out their bias @StenderWorld
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Brawl isn't a bad idea,  but in testing how does the mana work out for multicolor decks? We dibf gave access to a lot of good fixing like we do in edh@GavinVerhey
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,@SaffronOlive You happen to have any updates you'd make to free win red since it basically all got reprinted?
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Richard need anyone to do arena stuff? I'd love to create some content, and have been in the beta since the beginning. @SaffronOlive
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I'll throw down. Not a celebrity, but anything that lets me experience Rusev Day first hand.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Just read your GQ interview. I was a HIMYM fan when the series was going, but I'm definitely more of a fan of yours after such a classy and honest interview like that. Kudos to you for pursuing the projects that matter to you. You earned that much. @JoshRadnor
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Double attack triggers. Combat celebrant comes to mind
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Secret Salvage Seth. It works.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I know it's a long shot, but any chance you have an updated modern list around your old torpor orb/inverter of truth deck? Honor guard giving us another orb effect might make it playable. @SaffronOlive
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,What does a guy have to do to get an invite?
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,New challenge: Genju tribal in modern @SaffronOlive
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I'm curious why people who complain about modern reprints are entitled, but a lot of the people calling them entitled are clinging to the reserved list. Why should my investment in cards be worth less than the person who's been playing forever especially when I likely spent more.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,The same players that say current players have no rights to complain are typically the ones holding on to the reserved list with both hands because they have investments in it.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I get their frustration. Why should players who played before the reserve list be the only ones who's investment is protected? Current players are spending more for modern staples than a lot to older players payed for even Black Lotus, yet we get no protection.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,https://t.co/Hg6lfR3RwO

Also got a spicy semi budget deck for you, if you have any suggestions on how to improve it. Built It on mtgo to mess with. This is the mana base I'd use in paper, since I have the fetches. @SaffronOlive
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,https://t.co/V8MYD7QRMV

The decklist as I played it. Felt super powerful.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I got a few kills with Chandras ultimate, and I threw a westvale Abby I'm the mana base. Was able to flip it once off of pyromancer tokens
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,@SaffronOlive 

Tried out Pascal's UR pyromancer build from the pro tour last night. Instead of clique and the 3 thing in the ice I played 2 jace and 2 Chandra ToD. Also swapped 1 ancestral vision for a search for azcanta. Deck was total gas. You should play it on stream.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,@maro254  Any insight as to why Chalice of the Void is mythic? It definitely doesn't feel mythic, and the rarity feels forced due to tournament playability.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Listening at work. Any chance we could hear Love is on the way from Saigon Kick?@KSHE95
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,@Wizards_Help Hey issue with mtgo. My chat windows won't open, so I can't actually get an order I made from Cardhoarder. Screen name is bluebraids.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,50 cent had 21 questions. Huge song@TimConvyProgram
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I was gonna say...this sounded like you had sold off your collection.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,If they banned something from Tron (totally don't think they should) it wouldn't be one of the lands. It would likely be Ancient Stirrings.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Just caught up on smackdown. Tough to watch, because my great grandpa just passed, and it was one of the things we'd always talk about. Just thought you should know you were his favorite. He always said it was just like watching your dad. Good luck at wrestlemania@MsCharlotteWWE
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Disappointed in no pt write up. My work schedule hasn't allowed me to watch, and I was counting on your usual write up to keep informed. @SaffronOlive
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I've been siding out the wayfinders and the grisly salvage for 4x phyrexian unlife and 4x solemnity. People don't see anything game 1 to make then bring in enchantment hate, so you just get the lock and you'll eventually grind them out with Rhinos.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Forget that guy. You're one of my favorite talents on the roster. The rumble added a new dream match for me. Need to see you 1v1 with Beth Phoenix.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Had the worst experience ever at one of your locations. Kid even said he was going to mess with my food, and had to fight for a refund. Gm hasn't been avaliable in store to even try and resolve it@JackBox
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,Rumble would have been better if you had been in action. You vs Trish is a dream match. @AlexaBliss_WWE
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,https://t.co/oWf3myntMf

It ended up costing more than I expected it to, but the bayou and the verdants are just stuff I had. Could be played with the cheapest black fetches and a second overgrown tomb, and suddenly the deck drops a few hundred.
User Name,:,tylermarler27,., Message,:,I'll email you a decklist tonight,  but I picked up my first undefeated legacy finish tonight with what is effectively a budget deck. 8-0 in games with Legacy Death's Shadow. @SaffronOlive
